Bar chart changes (#212)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-charts/bar-chart/step6.md

}}
</pre>

3) <strong>Update the padding for the right value to accommodate the legend.</strong>

`right: 200`

4) <strong>Add the `legendOrientation` property to the `<Chart>` component.</strong>

> You will need to set the orientation for the `legendData` so that it behaves as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the orientation for the `legendData` so that it behaves as
```

> expected when you add it in step 6 (there will be no visible changes yet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expected when added in step 6 (there will be no visible changes yet).
```

The `legendOrientation` property specifies whether the legend is rendered

> horizontally or vertically. In this case it should be set to vertical:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
horizontally or vertically. In this case,  set it to vertical.
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
legendOrientation=&quot;vertical&quot;
</pre>

5) <strong>Add the `legendPosition` property to the `<Chart>` component.</strong>

> You will need to set the position for the `legendData` so that it behaves as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the position for the `legendData` so that it behaves as
```

}}
</pre>

3) <strong>Update the padding for the right value to accommodate the legend.</strong>

`right: 200`

> - This will add more padding to the right property to accommodate the legend.

Reviewer 2: You can remove this line now
